[Ruby] new exercise - `booleans` (#2025)
exercism/v3: languages/ruby/exercises/concept/booleans/.docs/introduction.md

## True and False

True and false logical states are represented with `true` and `false` in Ruby. These may either be used as literals on their own, or as a result of logical or comparison methods.

```ruby

> true_variable = true
> false_variable = false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
happy = true
sad = false
```

true && false
# => false

1 < 2
# => true
```

## _Truthy_ and _falsey_

When evaluating objects in `if` statements or other boolean contexts, all objects evaluate as _truthy_ **except** for `false` and `nil`.

## Control flow

_Truthy_ and _falsey_ evaluations are useful in the context of control flow. Like in procedural languages, Ruby has an `if`...`else` construct, but it may be more common to use `if` as a "guarding" statement to modify the evaluation of an expression.

```ruby
def falsey
  nil || false
end

def truthy
  not falsey

> end

Reviewer: I like this.

Author: It was all @kotp for this, I think it makes it really clear

if truthy
  # this block is evaluated
end

if falsey
  # this block is not evaluated
else
  # this block is evaluated
end

1 + 1 if truthy
# => this will evaluate and return 2

2 + 2 if falsey
# => the numbers are not added because of the modifier, nil is returned
```

> If it is preferred to use the positive form of a conditional statement. Rather than negating a negative statement, `unless` is provided as an alternative. E.g. `eat_desert unless too_full`

Reviewer: The first sentence doesn't quite make sense.

Author: Maybe it would be better with an example.

```suggestion
Ruby provides `unless` so that it isn't required to have double negative statements.  E.g. Rather than `eat_desert if not too_full`, it would be better to write `eat_desert unless too_full`
```

Reviewer 2: It's because the first sentence is not supposed to be a sentence, but a comma, and a lower case "r" for "rather" and appears to be an adulteration of the original thing written.

> If it is preferred to use the positive form of a conditional statement, rather than negating a negative statement, we can use positive conditional statements always and use `if` and `unless` to communicate the positive or negative overall statement. -- _paraphrased, not quoted_.

Author: Thoughts on the suggested change?

Reviewer 2: I would leave the double negation mention out. as that acts on the conditional statement but is not a change in "boolean" terms, just a strict change from "boolean" to "Boolean".

```suggestion
If it is preferred to use always use a positive conditional statement, we can use `unless` to negate the if statement itself.

 E.g.:
    eat_desert unless too_full

 compared to

    eat_desert if not too_full
```

Reviewer 2: "It may be that we prefer to always use"

Author: ```suggestion
Ruby also provides `unless` to make code read well, i.e., rather than `eat_desert if not too_full`, we can also write `eat_desert unless too_full`
```

Reviewer 2: This one… (though "also" can come out.
